[doc][yba] Prerequisites reorganization (#21876)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-platform/prepare/server-nodes-software/software-kubernetes.md

---
title: YugabyteDB Anywhere Kubernetes software requirements
headerTitle: Software requirements for Kubernetes
linkTitle: Kubernetes
description: Software requirements for Kubernetes.

> headContent: Prepare a VM for deployment in a universe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
headContent: Prepare a Kubernetes cluster for YugabyteDB deployments
```

To inspect the value of the sysctl within a Kubernetes pod or node, execute the following:

```sh
cat /proc/sys/kernel/core_pattern
```

If the value of `core_pattern` contains a `|` pipe symbol (for example, `|/usr/share/apport/apport -p%p -s%s -c%c -d%d -P%P -u%u -g%g -- %E` ), the core dump is being redirected to a specific collector on the underlying Kubernetes node, with the location depending on the exact collector. To be able to retrieve core dump files in case of a crash within the Kubernetes pod, it is important that you understand where these files are written.

If the value of `core_pattern` is a literal path of the form `/var/tmp/core.%p`, no action is required on your part, as core dumps will be copied by the YugabyteDB node to the persistent volume directory `/mnt/disk0/cores` for future analysis.

Note the following:

- ulimits and sysctl are inherited from Kubernetes nodes and cannot be changed for an individual pod.
- New Kubernetes nodes might be using [systemd-coredump](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/systemd-coredump.html) to manage core dumps on the node.

> 

Reviewer 2: - Is this step not required - https://docs.yugabyte.com/preview/yugabyte-platform/install-yugabyte-platform/prepare-environment/kubernetes/#configure-storage-class. Compared it to the current preview docs page

Author: Was put under hardware
